IWantFries21
===
I'm shaking as I'm typing this. Star has been a big part of my life ever since it came out and I'm reaallyyy glad I joined this subreddit in time to see that this AMA was happening.
Well here are my questions:
1. How did you get the inspiration to create Star vs. ? What was it like creating this magical world?
2. Did you ever imagine that the show would have the impact that it did ?
3. Who's your favorite character ?
4. Were there any characters or plotlines that you took inspiration from your own life for?
5. What has been your favorite fan interaction?
6. I know this subreddit most likely doesn't have any kids on it, but do you ever think about how you might have affected a little kid's life? If so, what's it like thinking about it? (Star came out when I was in middle school, so I wasn't necessarily a kid. But there are cartoons that have stuck with me since I watched them when I was little, so I imagine it must be like that with Star for someone).
7. What was it like when you had to wrap up Star?  What did you feel when finishing "Cleaved"?
8. Do you feel that Star ended nicely, or do you think there's still more stories to be told?
9. Do you have any other shows in mind that you think you'll pursue?
10. Do you have any advice for someone who wants to pursue making their own show? I'm asking for a friend, who loves this show so much, and is working on her own cartoon, and I feel like she would really appreciate and love advice from you. (I like writing stories rather than making shows/cartoons since I'm not very artistic).
This is a question for Adam: What was it like finishing "Cleaved," from the perspective of someone who played one of the characters? As someone who knows Marco Diaz well, what do you imagine he's doing right now? (That was two questions, oops).
Anyway, I hope you guys answer these, and even if not, I hope you know that you really affected my life with Mewni and the adventures of Star Butterfly, Marco Diaz, and all of their friends. Thanks for sharing that world with us. You guys are awesome.



Aaron Hammersley
===
wow, that's a lot of questions! I can answer #4!
Star on wheels was heavily influenced by a Story Daron told about when she first learned to ride a bike. What I remember from the story was that she didn't know how to brake and ended up falling in a lake.
Lava Lake beach was inspired by a story I shared in the writing room about when I was first dating my wife, I went up to the mountains with her family and ended up getting snowed in. that's one way to get to know someones parents!
